Hi everybody, I'll be doing this today.
tutorial on how to download objects to the
2003 is head of the trial of how to download
objects can both and tex and if you
want to cut in the description and it is
you can see on the screen
ah I have a simple bazaar website that
He is new and I still do not even like him.
but we have classes here
this is how to already use the website designs three
net dot objects who chooses your site
you want to use a good site there and get
what you want
I'm going to pick up female hair.
then you can choose what you want to
when sims 3 pac comes it means that it
It's a pack with a lot of hair or not
some hair with different types of
colors and if you have the logic that neither
that is showing the image
I'll get this one from here so you go
click download
some others need the in
hardware that it serves to lower the
ours eleven times did not give
he's out I'll catch the screaming
clinic there what you ask in the site that you
is using
there to speak like that wish you went
trajectory you want to open and save and you
click on the time it comes to save this in
case of these three parts
Let's open the folder.
There you go, in case you're going to have
an icon
you'll double-click on it already
the drawing will automatically exit
automatically install it then it is
complete that it will install it
features on this page
there you wait for it to open because
automatically goes as it's touch
he was already going decisive
expiring to carry a little he
It's going to take a little bit that is the best.
to people because of the contagion that is the
value
It takes a little while but anyway
at the time of loading
he speaks ready, click ok
Then you do not even have to download it.
hair he will have unmarked celina
box and click demarcate anahí
install it will be for it to go
directly to the game without you
have to keep looking for which folder
what do you have to download
then he will do it again he will be there
only now he's going to be in the game at
instead of only at the beginning director
He's going to talk in the game and that's how it works.
with the fate situation you have only
that detailing the download to be practical
it is a type of expansion only
But in that case I'm going to make your
job
click ok
and now it's as if he had
installed in the game and that's it
it is installed in the game is not accurate
reapply is there even if it seems
He's already in the game.
So this is thank you very much for
exist and do not forget to write in
channel and if you want to take a
site a blog and bar and participate in
site